[docs] add info about reserved parameters (#39699)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/url-parameters.mdx

  );
}
```

## Reserved parameters

> Certain URL parameters are reserved for internal use by Expo Router and React Navigation. Avoid using these names for your own parameters to prevent conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain URL parameters are reserved for internal use by Expo Router and React Navigation. Avoid using the following names for your own parameters to prevent conflicts:
```
